Undraft the bylaws: IP Policy [due Oct 27] (#178)
commonhaus/foundation: policies/ip-policy.md

A CF Project may define a "Project Documentation License" to cover all documentation, image, and audiovisual files (e.g., .txt., .rtf, .doc, .pdf, .jpg, .tif, .mp3, .wav, and some .html files) (including without limitation code that is intended as sample code if included in a documentation file).
The Project Documentation License can be any OSI-approved license or a Creative Commons license (like [CC BY 4.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)) that permits commercial use.

## Contributions

All new code contributions to any Project must be made under the Project Code License.

Contributions must be accompanied by either a Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO available at <http://developercertificate.org/>) or a Contributor License Agreement (CLA), as determined by the project’s technical governing body.

The DCO or CLA binds the individual contributor and, if applicable, their employer to the Project Code License.

### Developers Certificate of Origin (DCO) or Contributor License Agreement (CLA)?

The DCO and CLA differ in their approach to intellectual property rights.

> - A DCO is a straightforward method for contributors to confirm they have the necessary rights to submit work, typically through a declaration in the commit message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A DCO is a straightforward method for contributors to declare that they have the necessary rights to submit work, typically through a declaration in the commit message.
```

Author: `confirm` was used on recommendation from our lawyers. So while I agree that affirm or declare would make sense, I'll follow guidance in this case.

## Contributions

> All new code contributions to any Project must be made under the Project Code License. Contributions must be accompanied by either a Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO available at <http://developercertificate.org/>) or a Contributor License Agreement (CLA), as determined by the project’s technical governing body. The DCO or CLA binds the individual contributor and, if applicable, their employer to the Project Code License.

Reviewer 2: I'm assuming it is implied that all projects have either a dco or cla in effect for any new contributors?

If it is - should it not be explicitly stated as reading this a project don't need one - just that if it has either dco or cla those are in effect.

Author: I am not sure what is unclear.

All new code contributions to a CF project must follow the project code license and be accompanied by either the DCO or a CLA (as chosen by the project). I don't think there is anything in that text that says "neither" or "none" is a valid option.
